c:\users\ed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\uORM\uORM\bin\Umbraco.Core.xml
c:\users\ed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\uORM\uORM\bin\W3S.uORM.dll.config
c:\users\ed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\uORM\uORM\bin\W3S.uORM.dll
c:\users\ed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\uORM\uORM\bin\W3S.uORM.pdb
c:\users\ed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\uORM\uORM\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\uORM\uORM\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\uORM\uORM\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\uORM\uORM\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\ed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\uORM\uORM\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\ed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\uORM\uORM\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\uORM\uORM\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\uORM\uORM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\uORM\uORM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\uORM\uORM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\uORM\uORM\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
c:\users\ed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\uORM\uORM\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\ed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\uORM\uORM\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\uORM\uORM\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\ed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\uORM\uORM\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\ed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\uORM\uORM\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\uORM\uORM\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\uORM\uORM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\uORM\uORM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\uORM\uORM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\uORM\uORM\obj\Debug\W3S.uORM.dll
c:\users\ed\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\uORM\uORM\obj\Debug\W3S.uORM.pdb
